Issue 855 clarify mixin docks (#857)
pinojs/pino: docs/api.md

// {"level":30,"time":1573664685469,"pid":78742,"hostname":"x","line":2,"msg":"world"}
```

> Be aware of providing a shared object for mixins. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result of `mixin()` is supposed to be a _new_ object. For performance reason, the object returned by `mixin()` will be mutated by pino.
```

> In the case bellow, passing `mergingObject` argument to the first `info` call will mutate global `mixin` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, passing `mergingObject` argument to the first `info` call will mutate the global `mixin` object:
```

```js
const mixin = {
    appName: 'My app'
}

const logger = pino({
    mixin() {
        return mixin
    }
})

pino.info({
    description: 'Ok'
}, 'Message 1')
// {"level":30,"time":1591195061437,"pid":16012,"hostname":"x","appName":"My app","description":"Ok" "msg":"Message 1"}
pino.info('Message 2')
// {"level":30,"time":1591195061437,"pid":16012,"hostname":"x","appName":"My app","description":"Ok","msg":"Message 2"}
// Note: the second log contains "description":"Ok" text, even if it was not provided.
```

> If you want to just add additional info to each log message, you should look at the child loggers.
> * See [child loggers ⇗](/docs/child-loggers.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `mixin` feature is being used merely to add static metadata to each log message,
then a [child logger ⇗](/docs/child-loggers.md) should be used instead.
```
